add mutual TLS info and a couple of minor edits (#1116)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/operating/operating-tutorials/onboarding/mutual-tls.md

---
date: '2022-11-15'
title: "Configuring Mutual TLS"
menu:
  corda-5-beta:
    identifier: corda-5-beta-mgm-onboarding-tls
    parent: corda-5-beta-tutorials-deploy-dynamic
    weight: 4000
section_menu: corda-5-beta
---
As described in the [mutual TLS introduction](../../mutual-tls.md), you can configure the clusters in a dynamic network to connect using mutual TLS. This requires additional steps when onboarding an MGM or member into the dynamic network.

{{< note >}}
* Mutual TLS is set per cluster. It must apply to all groups that the cluster hosts and all clusters that host those groups. You can not onboard a member unless the TLS type of the MGM cluster is aligned with the TLS type of the member cluster.

> * Changing the TLS type after a member or an MGM was onboarded, makes any TLS connection with that member unusable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changing the TLS type after a member or an MGM was onboarded makes any TLS connection with that member unusable.
```

---
date: '2022-11-15'
title: "Configuring Mutual TLS"
menu:
  corda-5-beta:
    identifier: corda-5-beta-mgm-onboarding-tls
    parent: corda-5-beta-tutorials-deploy-dynamic
    weight: 4000
section_menu: corda-5-beta
---
As described in the [mutual TLS introduction](../../mutual-tls.md), you can configure the clusters in a dynamic network to connect using mutual TLS. This requires additional steps when onboarding an MGM or member into the dynamic network.

{{< note >}}
* Mutual TLS is set per cluster. It must apply to all groups that the cluster hosts and all clusters that host those groups. You can not onboard a member unless the TLS type of the MGM cluster is aligned with the TLS type of the member cluster.
* Changing the TLS type after a member or an MGM was onboarded, makes any TLS connection with that member unusable.
* A virtual node can only be configured with a single TLS certificate that will be used as both a client and a server certificate.
* A gateway accepts a TLS connection that uses a certificate associated with any member of any application network (partially) hosted in that cluster.
{{< /note >}}

## Modify the Cluster Configurations

> To configure a cluster to use mutual TLS, you must set the `sslConfig.tlsType` flag in the `corda.p2p.gateway` configuration to `MUTUAL` for the follwoing:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a cluster to use mutual TLS, you must set the `sslConfig.tlsType` flag in the `corda.p2p.gateway` configuration to `MUTUAL` for the following:
```

* The MGM cluster before registering the MGM
* All member clusters before uploading the CPI

### Enable Mutual TLS Using Bash

> If using Bash, to configure the gateway SSL configuration to enable mutual TLS:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using Bash, perform the following steps to enable mutual TLS by configuring the gateway SSL:
```

1. Retrieve the current gateway configuration version:

   ```shell
   curl --insecure -u admin:admin -X GET $API_URL/config/corda.p2p.gateway
   ```

2. Store the version number from the response:

   ```shell
   export CONFIG_VERSION=<configuration-version>
   ```

3. Using that version number, send the following request:

   ```shell
   curl -k -u admin:admin -X PUT -d '{"section":"corda.p2p.gateway", "version":"'$CONFIG_VERSION'", "config":"{ \"sslConfig\": { \"tlsType\": \"MUTUAL\"  }  }", "schemaVersion": {"major": 1, "minor": 0}}' $API_URL"/config"
   ```
   This command overwrites the revocation check setting. If you chose to disable revocation checks, use the following command instead:

   ```shell
   curl -k -u admin:admin -X PUT -d '{"section":"corda.p2p.gateway", "version":"'$CONFIG_VERSION'", "config":"{ \"sslConfig\": { \"tlsType\": \"MUTUAL\" , \"revocationCheck\": {\"mode\" : \"OFF\"} } }", "schemaVersion": {"major": 1, "minor": 0}}' $API_URL"/config"
   ```

### Enable Mutual TLS Using PowerShell

> If using PowerShell, to configure the gateway SSL configuration to enable mutual TLS, run the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using PowerShell, perform the following steps to enable mutual TLS by configuring the gateway SSL:
```
